docs: tweaks install instructions re: port (#573)
matrix-org/matrix-appservice-slack: docs/getting_started.md

1. Create a new Matrix room to act as the administration control room. Note its
   internal room ID (Example: !abcdefg12345hijk:coolserver.com).

> 1. Decide on a spare local TCP port number to use. The Default is 5858.  It will listen for messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Decide on a spare local TCP port number to use. The default is 5858.  It will listen for messages
```

  
  1. For `matrix_admin_room`, enter the internal room ID of the administration control
     room (Example: !abcdefg12345hijk:coolserver.com).
  

>   1. For `homeserver.appservice_port`, specify the above $MATRIX_PORT if you would like to override

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. For `homeserver.appservice_port`, specify the above $MATRIX_PORT if you overwrote the default.
```

1. Generate the appservice registration file. This will be used by the

>    Matrix homeserver. Here, you must specify the direct link (the field url) the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Matrix homeserver. Here, you must specify the direct link (the url field) the
```
